title: Preface
-
content: 
I came to Michigan State as a student to learn how to become a graphic designer. At the time the prevailing idea was that if you were really good at designing one of two things you would have an amazingly successful career.

The first was if you came out of the program being able to design and entire brand, from its logo to its magazine ads, you could go anywhere and get a really good job.

The second was if you really understood how to design and layout a publication you were going to have a great career and find many places to work because everyone, every company creates publications.

And heck if you could do both, well you may as well just by your own private plane and start hanging out with Sparty right then and there.

Now this was all with the mindset that we would be designing things for print. Many of the people that I went to school with only learned to design for print. 

But because someone put the idea into my head that learning to design for web, learning to design digital content would come in handy, I started exporting that world.

Let me tell you for a purely print trained designer this world was scary. Thats why so many of us turned to flash. We're really sorry about that.

But then as I learned to build sites and saw all the different things that you could do, just by taking the time to think and design properly, it opened up a whole different way of thinking.

Right now we are all like I was when I started trying to figure out how to design for web instead of print. Every day some new device, smart phone, or tablet, is announced. And our ever growing set of options for publishing grows. 

We look at all of them as potential opportunities to engage our students, our faculty, our community parters, or anyone who has an interest in what we do.

Trying to figure that out just gets more complex and more difficult every day.

**So why even bother?**

Well from the bit of research I've done there are some pretty exciting and interesting ways go about this. And hopefully one of these different ways that I'll cover today will work for you.
-
description: